HOWTO.md, before:

# How To Use This Template for an Indie Web Starter

Search for various short tutorials on how to make updates to the content of this starter as needed.

_____

# Setting up your h-card:
### Files used:
- Markup: ```src/components/h-card.js```
- Information: ```gatsby-config.js```

### Information built in:
- Name (p-name)
- Job Title (p-job-title)
- Site URL (u-url)
- Image (u-photo) --> Add a image file to ```static/img```
- City (p-locality)
- State (p-region)

### More Information on h-cards:
- [h-card on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/h-card)
- [h-card properties on microformats](http://microformats.org/wiki/h-card#Properties)
- See what is being read from your h-card using a [validator](https://indieweb.org/h-card#Validators)

## How to add a new property:
1. Add a new piece of information to ```gatsby-config.js``` under author:
    ```js
    author: {
        email: 'example@example.com'
    }    
    ```
1. **NOTE:** Restart ```gatsby develop``` or you won't be able to find new information from the ```gatsby-config.js``` file.
1. Update query inside of to add email ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```jsx
        query HCardQuery {
        site {
            siteMetadata {
                author {
                    email
                }
            }
        }
    ```
1. In the same file, update the markup:
    ```jsx
        <Link 
            className='u-email' 
            rel='me'
            to='mailto:'{data.site.siteMetadata.author.siteURL}
        >
            {data.site.siteMetadata.author.email}
        </Link>
    ```

## Remove information you don't want to share:
Follow the above notes, only remove the content / markup instead of adding it in. Make sure to remove from all the locations for best performance. 

_____

# rel='me' / Links around the Interwebs

### More Information on rel='me':
- [rel='me' on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/rel-me)
- [How to set up web sign in on your own domain on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/How_to_set_up_web_sign-in_on_your_own_domain)

## Add more social / silos / around the web links
1. Add a new piece of information to ```gatsby-config.js``` under author > social. The information in the quotes should be the changable part of the URL after the /
    ```js
      author: {
        social: {
          facebook: 'michelle.jl.98'
        }
      }    
    ```
    
1. **NOTE:** Restart ```gatsby develop``` or you won't be able to find new information from the ```gatsby-config.js``` file.
1. Add a new ```const``` for the link you want to add in ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```js
      // Base Social URLs
      const facebookURL = 'https://facebook.com/'
    ```
1. Update query inside of to add new socail site in ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```jsx
      query HCardQuery {
      site {
        siteMetadata {
          author {
            socail {
              facebook
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ```
1. In that same file, update the markup:
    ```
      <li>
        Facebook: 
        <a
            className='u-url'
            rel='me'
            href={facebookURL + data.site.siteMetadata.author.social.facebook}
        >
            @{data.site.siteMetadata.author.social.facebook}
        </a>
      </li>
    ```
**NOTE:** Make sure you also do these things: [How to set up web sign in on your own domain on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/How_to_set_up_web_sign-in_on_your_own_domain)

Commit message:

Added Note post type + documentation

HOWTO.md, after:

# How To Use This Template for an Indie Web Starter

Search for various short tutorials on how to make updates to the content of this starter as needed.

ToC:
- [h-card](#h-card)
- [rel="me"](#rel-me)
    - [Add more social links](#add-social)
- [Post Types](#post-types)

_____

# <a name="h-card"></a>Setting up your h-card:
### Files used:
- Markup: ```src/components/h-card.js```
- Information: ```gatsby-config.js```

### Information built in:
- Name (p-name)
- Job Title (p-job-title)
- Site URL (u-url)
- Image (u-photo) --> Add a image file to ```static/img```
- City (p-locality)
- State (p-region)

### More Information on h-cards:
- [h-card on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/h-card)
- [h-card properties on microformats](http://microformats.org/wiki/h-card#Properties)
- See what is being read from your h-card using a [validator](https://indieweb.org/h-card#Validators)

## How to add a new property:
1. Add a new piece of information to ```gatsby-config.js``` under author:
    ```js
    author: {
        email: 'example@example.com'
    }    
    ```
1. **NOTE:** Restart ```gatsby develop``` or you won't be able to find new information from the ```gatsby-config.js``` file.
1. Update query inside of to add email ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```jsx
        query HCardQuery {
        site {
            siteMetadata {
                author {
                    email
                }
            }
        }
    ```
1. In the same file, update the markup:
    ```jsx
        <Link 
            className='u-email' 
            rel='me'
            to='mailto:'{data.site.siteMetadata.author.siteURL}
        >
            {data.site.siteMetadata.author.email}
        </Link>
    ```

## Remove information you don't want to share:
Follow the above notes, only remove the content / markup instead of adding it in. Make sure to remove from all the locations for best performance. 

_____

# <a name="rel-me"></a>rel='me' / Links around the Interwebs

### More Information on rel='me':
- [rel='me' on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/rel-me)
- [How to set up web sign in on your own domain on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/How_to_set_up_web_sign-in_on_your_own_domain)

## <a name="add-social"></a>Add more social / silos / around the web links
1. Add a new piece of information to ```gatsby-config.js``` under author > social. The information in the quotes should be the changable part of the URL after the /
    ```js
      author: {
        social: {
          facebook: 'michelle.jl.98'
        }
      }    
    ```
    
1. **NOTE:** Restart ```gatsby develop``` or you won't be able to find new information from the ```gatsby-config.js``` file.
1. Add a new ```const``` for the link you want to add in ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```js
      // Base Social URLs
      const facebookURL = 'https://facebook.com/'
    ```
1. Update query inside of to add new socail site in ```src/components/h-card.js```
    ```jsx
      query HCardQuery {
      site {
        siteMetadata {
          author {
            socail {
              facebook
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ```
1. In that same file, update the markup:
    ```
      <li>
        Facebook: 
        <a
            className='u-url'
            rel='me'
            href={facebookURL + data.site.siteMetadata.author.social.facebook}
        >
            @{data.site.siteMetadata.author.social.facebook}
        </a>
      </li>
    ```
**NOTE:** Make sure you also do these things: [How to set up web sign in on your own domain on indieweb.org](https://indieweb.org/How_to_set_up_web_sign-in_on_your_own_domain)

# <a name="post-types"></a>Post Types
- [Notes](#post-type-note)

## <a name="post-type-note"></a>Notes
"A note is a post that is typically short unstructured* plain text, written & posted quickly, that has its own permalink page.  (* Though unstructured meaning without a heading/title or any other explicit structure, notes can include several lines of text or even lists using "*" or numerical markers due to common whitespace support.)" - [indieweb.org/note](https://indieweb.org/note)

### Add a new note post: 
This process is as simple as adding a new markdown file to the ```src/posts/notes``` folder. The markdown file has 2 required pieces of frontmatter. After that, enter your note using markdown formatting. Path is the URL you want your note post to be available at. Date is the date you are publishing the note.
```
---
path: "/notes/note-2018-06-29"
date: "2018-06-29"
---
Note content goes here. 
```
