README.md, before:

# Gatsby-Indie-Web

This project is an expanded version of my portfolio site that will act as a homebase of sorts for my own projects. It will include things like a list of what extensions I like in my VSCode setup, or a list of bookmarks I've been meaning to go back to. 

## Install and Develop on this project: 
1. ``node --version``` should equal 10.5.x
2. Gatsby should be installed.
3. Clone or download project and ```cd``` into it.
4. Run ```npm install```
5. Run ```gatsby develop```
6. Go to ```localhost:8000``` in a browser to see site. Saved changes will live reload in the browser.
7. Use ```gatsby build``` to create an optimized production build for the project.
8. Test the production build by using ```gatsby serve``` to start a local HTML server

# Resources

## Links I Found Helpful While Building:
- **Gatsby**
    - [Gatsby v2 beta docs](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)
        - [Gatsby documentation - Building with Components](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/building-with-components/)
    - [Github](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby)
    - [Life After Layouts](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2018-06-08-life-after-layouts/)
    - [Adding Pages in Markdown](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/docs/adding-markdown-pages/)
    - Plugins
        - [Emotion](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-emotion/)
        - [Gatsby-Source-Filesystem](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-source-filesystem/#gatsby-source-filesystem)
        - [Gatsby-Transformer-Remark](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-transformer-remark/)
- **Contentful**
    - [Gatsby with Contentful CMS](https://codebushi.com/gatsby-with-contentful-cms/)
- **Git**
    - [Git Tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging)
- **Indie Web**
    - Microformats
        - h-card
            - [h-card creator](microformats.org/code/hcard/creator)
            - [h-card Microformats docs](http://microformats.org/wiki/h-card)
            - [h-card Parser](http://pin13.net/mf2/)
    - Post Types
        - [Types of Posts](https://indieweb.org/posts#Types_of_Posts)
    - [Indie Mark](https://indieweb.org/IndieMark) --> How Indie is your site?

Commit message:

Added Note post type + documentation

README.md, after:

# Gatsby-Indie-Web

This project is an expanded version of my portfolio site that will act as a homebase of sorts for my own projects. It will include things like a list of what extensions I like in my VSCode setup, or a list of bookmarks I've been meaning to go back to. 

## Install and Develop on this project: 
1. ``node --version``` should equal 10.5.x
2. Gatsby should be installed.
3. Clone or download project and ```cd``` into it.
4. Run ```npm install```
5. Run ```gatsby develop```
    - Go to ```localhost:8000``` in a browser to see site. Saved changes will live reload in the browser.
6. Use ```gatsby build``` to create an optimized production build for the project.
    - Test the production build by using ```gatsby serve``` to start a local HTML server

# Post Types
Find out more about the different post types that are included as part of this starter by looking at how to use them in the [HOWTO.md](HOWTO.md/#post-types) file.

# Resources

## Links I Found Helpful While Building:
- **Gatsby**
    - [Gatsby v2 beta docs](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)
        - [Gatsby documentation - Building with Components](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/building-with-components/)
    - [Github](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby)
    - [Life After Layouts](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2018-06-08-life-after-layouts/)
    - [Adding Pages in Markdown](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/docs/adding-markdown-pages/)
    - Plugins
        - [Emotion](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-emotion/)
        - [Gatsby-Source-Filesystem](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-source-filesystem/#gatsby-source-filesystem)
        - [Gatsby-Transformer-Remark](https://next.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-transformer-remark/)
- **Contentful**
    - [Gatsby with Contentful CMS](https://codebushi.com/gatsby-with-contentful-cms/)
- **Git**
    - [Git Tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging)
- **Indie Web**
    - Microformats
        - h-card
            - [h-card creator](microformats.org/code/hcard/creator)
            - [h-card Microformats docs](http://microformats.org/wiki/h-card)
            - [h-card Parser](http://pin13.net/mf2/)
    - Post Types
        - [Types of Posts](https://indieweb.org/posts#Types_of_Posts)
    - [Indie Mark](https://indieweb.org/IndieMark) --> How Indie is your site?
